[music]
Hey, I am in Destin, welcome back to Smarter Every Day.
Well, we just got off this boat and walked about an hour for the jungle
to find a chalk pot *. Okay, Phil just found him.
What are we seeing here, then? (Phil) That's the chrysalis here
from a moth of the Urodidae family. Then, the moth itself
It does not look too special, but this chrysalis from here, it's simply
incredible - Then that inside is the chrysalis? - Yup. This is
the chrysalis itself and then that from the outside is the cocoon.
So most of the hives would make a really resistant silk cocoon
and they would try to hide inside, but this girl has a different strategy.
And what he does, it's just hanging up to about 30 centimeters
under a leaf and then makes its cocoon there.
And this probably protects you more from ants
that no other thing. - However, it seems contraintuitive to build something like
this one It's almost flat, 'Hey guys, look at me.' Oh shit!
Look where I was leaning. Oysters!
- You have a butterfly on the hat. You know? - In my hat? Where
Oh yeah - It's a satyr. - A satyr?
Right now I can only think of these ants. You are using a lens
macro or just one of the 100? - I am using a 105 macro.
I should be able to see the small part of the structure ... - Oh, that's great. - ... of this cocoon.
It's really special. In fact, you can find it in North
America if you are lucky. - Then, like ... OK, it will become
in a moth, right? So how come out of here once it's ...?
- It seems, if you look at the bottom, it's almost like a small escape route.
So it could be that once you leave as a muffler it will simply be thrown directly down.
- Do you want to put your finger down so that we can see the scale?
Did you do the manicure? Are you ready for that?
- I've been cleaning my nails all day long. - Great.
[music]
OK, then. Please, make this transition with me.
As soon as I returned from the Amazon I had to go to a wedding reception. While I was talking there
a little with this man I begin to explain this beautiful cocoon I found in the rainforest
because it hit me a lot. So I told him that if a cocoon is to keep it
Far from predators, why should I get holes for my cocoon?
And the man said something that hit me. Say 'Oh, that's interesting. It turns out I'm a farmer
butterflies'. I have come here to Mr John's house, and I have taken it
My children are with me, and John is the owner of one of the two Alabama butterflies farms.
It will teach us a bit about cocoons. How do you come butterflies? How does that work?
(John) Well, this is an interesting question. It is, in fact, one of my favorite questions to answer.
[laugh] But this is, in fact, the way I usually send butterflies.
Just like that And I will fill them up and make layers. Most of my butterflies go
Zoos, botanical gardens throughout the country. - So you really do not come in like
Ten times, you sell them for hundreds, right? - Correct. I would say that the average size of my orders is
About a hundred butterflies a week. So what are we here, this is a cocoon of Actias Luna.
And a lot of people do not know that there is a difference between the cocoon, here
and the chrysalis or pupa, here.
And the difference, in fact, is not so great. In the cocoon it is, in fact,
your chrysalis. So that, the cocoon itself, really
It is only the coverage that the chrysalis makes around. If you look here
to Papilio Troilus, this one does not have cocoons. So it is only
the chrysalis, while Actias Luna is made from cocoon around
the chrysalis. - This is the photo of what we did in the rainforest.
- Yes, this is a nice example of a cocoon. - Because
Here I am seeing that these buds are solid, but there were holes in that
cocoon Why should I do that? - Well, in fact this is an important defense mechanism. If you look
The cocoon in this Actias Luna is woven very strongly.
So if that hung on a tree like what you found
In the Amazon, if it hung in that way, it rains in very large
Quantities, it would really end up filling with water and drowning the chrysalis.
So these big holes, in fact, allow the rain to fall through,
instead of filling the chrysalis. - Oh, so does the chrysalis actually have to have air? - Correct, yes.
People do not think too much, but the chrysalis breathe, just like any other animal lives. They need air
So if they are surrounded by water, if that cocoon could be filled with water, the chrysalis would really be drowned.
- Oh, caram. Interesting Well, thank you very much John. - They do not deserve, I have enjoyed it.
- One last thing. We feel like using the term crisálida. This comes from Grec crests, which
it means gold Some butterfly chrysalis have a metallic glow, so that's why
which are called crisalis. I found something very interesting. Okay, my goal was to learn,
that you enjoy, and maybe you would see something beautiful that you had never seen before. Now I will try
win me your "Like" or your subscription by giving, in the description of the video, the link to the cocoon photos
in high resolution, because it is quite impressive. In any case, I'm in Destin.
You are getting smarter every day. Have a good time.
(Destin) Gerson, I have to ask, what are you doing, nano?
- Go back and use binoculars. [laughs]
- I think Gerson needs glasses. [laughs]
When do you live here? - Well,
i am from here I was born here. In fact, I know this place very well.
I have been guiding the area for ten years, and I had never seen that
before. - Never? Is it not that you are not too good and good?
[laugh] - I like birds more than butterflies,
but he always made me in the details, in the new things,
Because I like these things. But I had never seen that, honestly.
- Great, so you've lived here all your life and you have not seen that ever. - Not really.
And if you want to go see John's things, I could or could not make a link, depending on what we decide on. [Laugh]
So whatever it is, have a good time.
[Transcribed by Andrew Jackson: captionsbyandrew.wordpress.com] Translation by David Ruscalleda (@ Rusca8)